---
created: 2026-04-12
source: https://karpathy.github.io/
type: article
---

# Andrej Karpathy blog

**原始链接**: [https://karpathy.github.io/](https://karpathy.github.io/)

---

Andrej Karpathy blog
Andrej Karpathy blog
<svg version="1.1" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" x="0px" y="0px"
viewBox="0 0 18 15" enable-background="new 0 0 18 15" xml:space="preserve">
<path fill="#505050" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0
h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
<path fill="#505050" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484
h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
<path fill="#505050" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0
c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
Feb 12, 2026
It takes 200 lines of pure, dependency-free Python to train and inference GPT. I cannot make this any shorter.
Mar 14, 2022
Deep Neural Nets: 33 years ago and 33 years from now
To my knowledge, LeCun et al. 1989 is the earliest real-world application of a neural net trained end-to-end with backpropagation. Can we improve on it using 33 years of progress in deep learning? What does 1989 deep learning look like to someone in 2022, and what will today's deep learning look like to someone in 2055?
Jun 21, 2021
A from-scratch tour of Bitcoin in Python
We are going to create, digitally sign, and broadcast a Bitcoin transaction in pure Python, from scratch, and with zero dependencies
Mar 27, 2021
Short Story on AI: Forward Pass
A story of an existential crisis under the hood of a humble forward pass.
Jun 11, 2020
Biohacking Lite
Dipping toes into biochemistry, energy metabolism and running some biohacking lite experiments.
Apr 25, 2019
A Recipe for Training Neural Networks
A collection of practical advice for the process of achieving strong results with neural networks.
Jan 20, 2018
(started posting on Medium instead)
Yes I'm still around but, I've started posting on Medium instead of here.
Sep 7, 2016
A Survival Guide to a PhD
A collection of tips/tricks for navigating the PhD experience.
May 31, 2016
Deep Reinforcement Learning: Pong from Pixels
I'll discuss the core ideas, pros and cons of policy gradients, a standard approach to the rapidly growing and exciting area of deep reinforcement learning. As a running example we'll learn to play ATARI 2600 Pong from raw pixels.
Nov 14, 2015
Short Story on AI: A Cognitive Discontinuity.
The first part of a short story collection that has been on my mind for a long while. Exciting! :)
Oct 25, 2015
What a Deep Neural Network thinks about your #selfie
We will look at Convolutional Neural Networks, with a fun example of training them to classify #selfies as good/bad based on a scraped dataset of 2 million selfies.
May 21, 2015
The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Recurrent Neural Networks
We'll train and sample from character-level RNN language models that learn to write poetry, latex math and code. We'll also analyze the models and get hints of future research directions.
Mar 30, 2015
Breaking Linear Classifiers on ImageNet
There have been a few recent papers that fool ConvNets by taking a correctly classified image and perturbing it in an imperceptible way to produce an image that is misclassified. In this post I show that ConvNets are an overkill: Simple linear classifiers are in fact susceptible to the same fooling strategy.
Sep 2, 2014
What I learned from competing against a ConvNet on ImageNet
The latest state of the art Image Classification networks have only 6.7% Hit@5 error on ILSVRC 2014 classification task. How do humans compare?
Aug 3, 2014
Quantifying Productivity
Describing a new pet project that tracks active windows and keystroke frequencies over the duration of a day (on Ubuntu/OSX) and creates pretty HTML visualizations of the data. This allows me to gain nice insights into my productivity. Code on Github.
Jul 3, 2014
Feature Learning Escapades
Some reflections on the last two years of my research: The Quest for Unsupervised Feature Learning algorithms for visual data. Where it was, where it is, and where it's going. Maybe.
Jul 2, 2014
Visualizing Top Tweeps with t-SNE, in Javascript
A writeup of a recent mini-project: I scraped tweets of the top 500 Twitter accounts and used t-SNE to visualize the accounts so that people who tweet similar things are nearby. My final Javascript implementation of t-SNE is released on Github as tsnejs.
Jul 1, 2014
Switching Blog from Wordpress to Jekyll
I can't believe I lasted this long on Wordpress. I am switching permanently to Jekyll for hosting my blog, and so should you :) Details inside.
Apr 26, 2014
Interview with Data Science Weekly on Neural Nets and ConvNetJS
I gave a (long) interview about my background and perspectives on neural nets.
Nov 27, 2013
Quantifying Hacker News with 50 days of data
I scraped Hacker News Front Page and New Page every minute for 50 days and analyzed the results. How do stories rise and fall on Hacker News? What makes a
